Readme for week7 work, advanced biological programming in python


Code:
		blackbirds.py - A script that searches through a text file of animal 
						taxa and returns the Kingdom, phylum and species for 
						each organism. Performs this by using regular expressions
						in particular re.findall
		
		DrawFW.py - Plot a snapshot of a food web graph/network. Example 
					of using networkx through python. Generating a 
					random list of connections with a set connectivity
					and produce a visualisation of this network
					
		fmr.R - An example script in R to practice being run through 
				subprocesses in python. The script plots log(field metabolic
				rate) against log(body mass) for the Nagy et al 1999 dataset 
				to a file fmr.pdf. 
					
		LV1.py - The basic Lotka-Volterra model to show the relationship between predator and prey with default arguments.
				 The script integrates the ODE and returns a graph of the results
		
		LV2.py - The modified Lotka-Volterra model for predator prey relationship. This modified script also accepts arguments
				 in the command line to set the values of the constants and the values of these are annotated on the resulting
				 graph	
				 
		LV2A.py - The same script as LV2.py but with initial conditions choosen specifically so that the predators and prey have
				 both exist as in a steady state of the population
				 
		LV3.py - A discrete time version of the LV model
		
		LV4.py - A discrete time version Lotka-Volterra Model 
				 with random gaussian fluctations in resource 
				 growth at each step simulated using scipy
		
		LV5.py - A discrete time version Lotka-Volterra Model 
				 with random gaussian fluctations in resource and predators
				 growth at each step simulated using scipy 
				 
		MyFirstJupyterNB.ipynb - A exxample jupyter notebook displaying 
								 many of the usefu features including: basic 
								 features, numerical analysis, mathematical 
								 modelling, and data analysis. Packages explored
								 include Pandas and sympy
		
		Nets.py - A python version of Nets.R , Takes the QMEE CDT data and returns a 
				  visualisation of the network of connections coloured and sized by
				  the type of institution and the number of Phd students connected to it
		
		Nets.R - Takes the QMEE CDT data and returns a visualisation of the network of 
				 connections coloured and sized by the type of institution and the number 
				 of Phd students connected to it
				 
		profileme.py - A script with a few useless functions which take a long time to run. This has been designed to practice 
					   profiling a script and working out where it is best to try and speed up the code
		
		regexs.py - A script giving an example of the uses of different regular exprressions
		
		re4.py - Further examples of regular expressions based on use in emails
		
		run_fmr_R.py - A python script to run the R script fmr.R
					   Returns the outputs from the script and an 
					   output if the script ran successfully or not
					   
		run_LV.py - This is part of chapter 6's practicle. The script runs and profiles LV1.py 
					and LV2.py
					
		TestR.py - A script that practices subproccessing. This runs TestR.R through python
				   and then outputs the results and any errors to seperate output files
		
		TestR.R - Basic R script printing "Hello this is R!" for use to practice subprocessing
		
		timeitme.py - A sript of functions each with two methods of producing the same result. 
					  These can each be run with the timeit command to show the difference in 
					  time it takes to run each of them
		
		using_os.py - This is a script using subprocesses to crawl through my home directory
					  and then returns a list of the files whose name begins with C
					  
Data:
		blackbirds.txt - The data file to be used in the blackbirds practical
		
		NagyEtAl1999.csv - The data frame used to create a network graph in 
						   DrawFW.py
		
		QMEE_Net_Mat_edges.csv - The data file for edges data to be used in
								 Nets.R and Nets.py
								 
		QMEE_Net_Mat_nodes.csv - The data file for node data to be used in 
								 Nets.R and Nets.py
							

Results:
		All outputted plots: LV1-LV5, Nets.R, Nets.py, and fmr.R
		
		Outputted results from running subprocesses in TestR.py
